hi everyone so this is very old tutorial
lab together starting off with painterly
Paint Pot just a primer all of my eyes
I've already done my base and I'm
reusing love plus um and dully pop and
tackle from the sugar pill pallets I
started off applying the tackle to the
underneath of my brow and to the inner
part of my eyes just to put that down
there and so it was easy to blend into
later on then with a flat brush I took
love + sorry at a dolly pop this is pink
it's a donk pop by sugarpill and I
applied it only in a corner of my eyes
and I blended it out and then with the
same flat brush I applied the love + to
the outer and corners and blending it in
through the lid actually no outside put
a bit of powder underneath my eyes
because I noticed obviously a little bit
of fallout so I just wanted to stop that
from happening next one I did was just
took a blending brush and just blended
that right up into the the white
underneath my brow and I also put the
red underneath my eye but they really
small brush tool as play really neatly
and then I went over the tackle with a
very shimmery white I'm it might be a
lunch by Mac I'm not too sure next I
just cleaned up the outer corners of my
eyes they're just so no brush you can
use a q-tip face wipe anything like that
you can plug tape to your eye before you
actually apply your I shown that way you
know you just peel the tape off and it's
easily cleaned up and what I am using
here is bent eyeliner brush by well I
bought from crown brushes and max black
Chuck fluid line this stuff is amazing I
always have my signature winged eyeliner
and this
exactly what I'm doing and I always like
to start in the middle of my I work my
way out then fill in from the corner
from the inner corner to meet that line
where it started in the middle and then
i do my wing I apologize here you can't
really see me putting on my lashes very
well because i was a dork and just
didn't look what i was doing when I was
filming but I use our dell whiskey's and
you will glue I'm not a very cheap
mascara just to finish that look off and
and those are the eyes for the face I
just kept it nice and fresh and I put
myth on my lips so unless my mac by the
way I hope you like this look it's very
dramatic grow bold but it is a gorgeous
look to complete the rainbow series and
watching guys love you bye